Update getting_started.rst to add uv (#18983)
python/mypy: docs/source/getting_started.rst

be sure to read this chapter carefully, as the rest of the documentation
may not make much sense otherwise.

Installing mypy
***************

> Mypy requires Python 3.9 or later to run, and can be installed through either pip or uv.

Reviewer: I'm afraid this is a bit unfair. There is `poetry`, there is `pdm`, there is `pipx` - are we going to enumerate all package managers here? `pip` is the "default" one, so mentioning `pip` is reasonable. Everything else is user's homework IMO: "how to run a tool using your package manager?" I'm not a maintainer here, so please don't treat the comment above as a binding disapproval, let's wait for someone from the core team to comment.

> Mypy requires Python 3.9 or later to run, and can be installed through either pip or uv.

Reviewer: This sentence also implicitly says "we do support `pip` and `uv`, but may not support other package managers", which is a false impression - `mypy` does not care which installation method was used, `apt-get install mypy` works on Ubuntu as well (even though it installs an ancient version). Perhaps

```suggestion
Mypy requires Python 3.9 or later to run, and can be installed via pip, uv or another package manager.
```

Here's how ruff explains its installation (note that they have to mention uv as that's another tool from Astral.sh, good for marketing, "recommended" is there for the same reason): https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/installation/
